EP: Add schema related links (#2363)
nasa-gcn/gcn.nasa.gov: app/routes/missions.einstein-probe/route.mdx

**JSON-Serialized GCN Notices Types in GCN Kafka:**

> Einstein Probe distributes alerts and localizations detections of gamma-ray transients. These notices are published on the GCN Kafka topic `gcn.notices.einstein_probe.wxt.alert`.

Reviewer: The first sentence has a grammatical error.

Author: I am following BurstCube template: https://gcn.nasa.gov/missions/burstcube
I tried to rephrase first sentence a bit.
```suggestion
Einstein Probe distributes alerts and localizations for the detection of gamma-ray transients. These notices are published on the GCN Kafka topic `gcn.notices.einstein_probe.wxt.alert`.
```

Reviewer: @Vidushi-GitHub, when you receive comments on your PRs, please make the changes yourself --- you needn't suggest the changes first. If you want to use the GitHub PR suggestion feature, that's fine, but please go ahead and apply the suggestion.

The [GCN schema](/schema/stable/gcn/notices/einstein_probe/wxt/alert.schema.json) and

> example [JSON message](/schema/stable/gcn/notices/einstein_probe/wxt/alert.schema.example.json) files are available to use. See the [Schema Browser](/docs/schema/stable/gcn/notices/einstein_probe/wxt/alert.schema.json) for more information on the properties defined in the schema.

Author: ```suggestion
example [JSON message](/schema/stable/gcn/notices/einstein_probe/wxt/alert.schema.example.json) files are available to use for [Einstein Probe Schema](/schema/stable/gcn/notices/einstein_probe). See the [Schema Browser](/docs/schema/stable/gcn/notices/einstein_probe/wxt/alert.schema.json) for more information on the properties defined in the schema.
```

Reviewer: @Vidushi-GitHub, why are you suggesting changes on your own PR? If you want to change it, just make the change.

> [Detailed Description and Examples](https://github.com/nasa-gcn/gcn-schema/tree/main/gcn/notices/einstein_probe/wxt)

Author: ```suggestion
Detailed Description and Examples of EP Notices can be found at [GCN Schema GitHub](https://github.com/nasa-gcn/gcn-schema/tree/main/gcn/notices/einstein_probe/wxt).
```

> [Detailed Description and Examples](https://github.com/nasa-gcn/gcn-schema/tree/main/gcn/notices/einstein_probe/wxt)

Reviewer: This is not a complete sentence.

Author: There is a table below it, should n't be complete sentence.
<img width="603" alt="Screenshot 2024-06-26 at 3 31 00 PM" src="https://github.com/nasa-gcn/gcn.nasa.gov/assets/103223246/7d448404-4643-495f-886e-5a3022a04b68">

Reviewer: Yes, it should be complete sentence.

> Detailed Description and Examples of EP Notices are available at [GCN Schema GitHub](https://github.com/nasa-gcn/gcn-schema/tree/main/gcn/notices/einstein_probe/wxt).

Reviewer: This is improperly capitalized:

```suggestion
Detailed description and examples of EP Notices are available in the [GCN Schema GitHub project](https://github.com/nasa-gcn/gcn-schema/tree/main/gcn/notices/einstein_probe/wxt).
```
